Clarify and improve setup instructions (#4247)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/helm/index.md

icon: helm
---

> Follow these instructions to install and configure an Istio mesh for in-depth evaluation or production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow this guide to install and configure an Istio mesh for in-depth evaluation or production use.
```

for details.
{{< /tip >}}

> ## Helm Chart Release Repositories

Reviewer 2: Only upper case the initial H
